16 implement pathlib (#18)
paramm-team/data_processing: README.md

[![Tests](https://github.com/paramm-team/data_processing/actions/workflows/test_on_push.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/paramm-team/data_processing/actions/workflows/test_on_push.yml/badge.svg)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/paramm-team/data_processing/graph/badge.svg?token=7Xmov38bCi)](https://codecov.io/gh/paramm-team/data_processing)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

**WARNING:** this package is still under development.

> This package is provides parameter optimization for PyBaMM (Python Battery Mathematical Modelling) using different optimization techniques. Examples on how to run this package can be found in the [examples folder](./examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides tools to process and handle battery cycler experimental data. Examples on how to run this package can be found in the [examples folder](./examples)
```

Reviewer: These changes also need to be applied in the other PR.

Reviewer 2: Nice rewording.

> ## 🚀 Installing pybamm-param

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🚀 Installing python-battery-data-processing
```

Reviewer: I like the name that Pip suggested: `python-battery-data-processing` which abbreviates to `pbdp` (which is available in PyPI I believe).

@AlexandruPascu, what do you think?

Reviewer 2: The name is nice, I agree and seems like a bonus if it's also available in PyPI!
